## 描述:
You are given a 0-indexed array nums of n integers, and an integer k.

The k-radius average for a subarray of nums centered at some index i with the radius k is the average of all elements in nums between the indices i - k and i + k (inclusive). If there are less than k elements before or after the index i, then the k-radius average is -1.

Build and return an array avgs of length n where avgs[i] is the k-radius average for the subarray centered at index i.

The average of x elements is the sum of the x elements divided by x, using integer division. The integer division truncates toward zero, which means losing its fractional part.

For example, the average of four elements 2, 3, 1, and 5 is (2 + 3 + 1 + 5) / 4 = 11 / 4 = 2.75, which truncates to 2.  

Example 1:  
Input: nums = [7,4,3,9,1,8,5,2,6], k = 3  
Output: [-1,-1,-1,5,4,4,-1,-1,-1]  
Explanation:  
- avg[0], avg[1], and avg[2] are -1 because there are less than k elements before each index. 
- The sum of the subarray centered at index 3 with radius 3 is: 7 + 4 + 3 + 9 + 1 + 8 + 5 = 37.  
- Using integer division, avg[3] = 37 / 7 = 5.  
- For the subarray centered at index 4, avg[4] = (4 + 3 + 9 + 1 + 8 + 5 + 2) / 7 = 4.  
- For the subarray centered at index 5, avg[5] = (3 + 9 + 1 + 8 + 5 + 2 + 6) / 7 = 4.  
- avg[6], avg[7], and avg[8] are -1 because there are less than k elements after each index.  

Example 2:  
Input: nums = [100000], k = 0  
Output: [100000]  
Explanation:  
- The sum of the subarray centered at index 0 with radius 0 is: 100000.
  avg[0] = 100000 / 1 = 100000.    
  
Example 3:  
Input: nums = [8], k = 100000  
Output: [-1]  
Explanation:   
- avg[0] is -1 because there are less than k elements before and after index 0.  

Constraints:  
n == nums.length   
1 <= n <= 105  
0 <= nums[i], k <= 105  

## 解題思路:
本題 K Radius Subarray Averages 相當於計算長度為 2k+1 的子陣列的平均，看到子陣列長度皆固定就知道要使用**定長滑動視窗**來解，且視窗長度 = 2k + 1。  

分成三步: 遍歷整個陣列 nums，注意滑動視窗在一開始都要先遍歷到長度-1的索引位置，才能在下一步補足長度且更新統計量
1. 入: 索引為 i 的元素進入滑動窗口，若 i < 2k，則重複第一步(直到 i = 2k)。  
2. 計算平均量，並更新平均值到 i-k 的位址。  
3. 出: 索引為 i-2k 的元素離開視窗。

```C++
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> getAverages(vector<int>& nums, int k) {
        vector<int> avg(nums.size(),-1);
        long long sum = 0;
        // 滑動窗口長度設為 k*2+1
        for(int i = 0;i < nums.size();i++){
            sum += nums[i];
            if(i < 2*k){         
                continue;
            }
            // 計算平均量
            avg[i - k] = sum / (2*k + 1);
            // 從前端離開一個元素
            sum -= nums[i-2*k];
        }
        return avg;
    }
};
```
時間複雜度: O(n)  
空間複雜度: O(1)