## 描述:
You start with an initial power of power, an initial score of 0, and a bag of tokens given as an integer array tokens, where each tokens[i] denotes the value of tokeni.

Your goal is to maximize the total score by strategically playing these tokens. In one move, you can play an unplayed token in one of the two ways (but not both for the same token):

Face-up: If your current power is at least tokens[i], you may play tokeni, losing tokens[i] power and gaining 1 score.
Face-down: If your current score is at least 1, you may play tokeni, gaining tokens[i] power and losing 1 score.
Return the maximum possible score you can achieve after playing any number of tokens.  

Example 1:  
Input: tokens = [100], power = 50  
Output: 0  

Explanation: Since your score is 0 initially, you cannot play the token face-down. You also cannot play it face-up since your power (50) is less than tokens[0] (100).  

Example 2:  
Input: tokens = [200,100], power = 150  
Output: 1  

Explanation: Play token1 (100) face-up, reducing your power to 50 and increasing your score to 1.  
There is no need to play token0, since you cannot play it face-up to add to your score. The maximum score achievable is 1.  

Example 3:  
Input: tokens = [100,200,300,400], power = 200  
Output: 2  

Explanation: Play the tokens in this order to get a score of 2:  
Play token0 (100) face-up, reducing power to 100 and increasing score to 1.  
Play token3 (400) face-down, increasing power to 500 and reducing score to 0.  
Play token1 (200) face-up, reducing power to 300 and increasing score to 1.  
Play token2 (300) face-up, reducing power to 0 and increasing score to 2.  
The maximum score achievable is 2.

## 解題思路:  
**Greedy + 雙指針**  

token 遊戲有兩個規則:    

* Face down: 當 power >= tokens[i]，可以對 tokens[i] 執行 face down，得到 1 分，失去 tokens[i] 點 power。
* Face up: 當你至少有 1 點分數，則可以對 tokens[i] 執行 face up，可以得到 tokens[i] 點 power，但失去一分。上述兩個操作都可以對任意 i 執行。  

l 指向 token 最小值，r 指向 token 最大值，同時只要 power 足夠大，永遠選最小值做 face down 來獲取分數，當分數不夠時永遠以最大值做 face up，犧牲分數來換取 power。  

```C++
class Solution {
public:
    int bagOfTokensScore(vector<int>& tokens, int power) {
        sort(tokens.begin(),tokens.end());
        int score = 0;
        int max_score = 0;
        int l = 0, r = tokens.size() - 1;
        while(l <= r){
            // 當 power >= tokens[l]，可以執行 face down 取得 score
            if(power >= tokens[l]){
                score++;
                power -= tokens[l];
                l++;
                max_score = max(max_score,score);
            }
            // 當 power 沒有大於 tokens[l] 且還有 score 可以抵押時，則執行 face up 借用 tokens[r]
            else if(power < tokens[l] && score >= 1){
                score--;
                power += tokens[r];
                r--;
            }
            // 下述條件即為 power 已不夠但又沒有 score 可以抵押了，只能結束遊戲
            else{
                break;
            }
        }
        return max_score;
    }
};
```
時間複雜度: O(n)  
空間複雜度: O(1)
